Deprecate `getContainerPackageInfo` public api from container.ts (#23840)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/late-chairs-fall.md

---
"@fluidframework/container-definitions": minor
"@fluidframework/container-loader": minor
---
---
"section": deprecation
---

> IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo() is now deprecated
> 
> This API will be removed in 2.40.
> Use IFluidCodeDetails.package returned by IContainer.getLoadedCodeDetails() instead.
> 
> See [issue] (https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/issues/23898) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo() is now deprecated

The `IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo()` function is now deprecated. This API will be removed in 2.40.
Use `IFluidCodeDetails.package` returned by `IContainer.getLoadedCodeDetails()` instead.

See [issue #23898](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/issues/23898) for more details.
```

Author: Applied changes

> See [issue #23898] (https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/issues/23898) for details.

Author: Good catch! Also, as I understand it, we don't use the last .0 anymore (2.40.0), I used the same format as the one that's in the parent issue here: https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/issues/23594. Which is the correct format now?

---
"@fluidframework/container-definitions": minor
"@fluidframework/container-loader": minor
---
---
"section": deprecation
---

> The IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo() on IContainer is now deprecated
> 
> IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo(), that is typed as optional, is superfluous as package name and more is available from IContainer.getLoadedCodeDetails(). It is being removed to clean up API surface.
> 
> IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo() will be removed.
> To access package name getContainerPackageInfo provided, use IFluidCodeDetails.package returned by IContainer.getLoadedCodeDetails(). Example helper:

Reviewer 2: Mostly rephrasing.
```suggestion
IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo() is now deprecated

`IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo()` is now deprecated, and will be removed in a future release to clean up API surface. It is superfluous since package name and more is available from `IContainer.getLoadedCodeDetails()`.

To access the package name that `getContainerPackageInfo()` currently provides, use `IFluidCodeDetails.package` returned by `IContainer.getLoadedCodeDetails()`. Example:
```

Author: Applied change

function getLoadedPackageName(container: IContainer): string | undefined {
const pkg = container.getLoadedCodeDetails()?.package;
if (pkg === undefined) return undefined;

> return typeof pkg === "object" ? pkg.name : pkg;

Reviewer 2: Let's wrap this with [fenced code block syntax that specifies the language](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks#syntax-highlighting), so it renders more nicely. Also, a before-and-after comparison of how the code would look would be good to provide as part of the example.

Author: Applied change

---
"@fluidframework/container-definitions": minor
"@fluidframework/container-loader": minor
---
---
"section": deprecation
---

IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo() is now deprecated

`IContainer.getContainerPackageInfo()` is now deprecated, and will be removed in a future release to clean up API surface. It is superfluous since package name and more is available from `IContainer.getLoadedCodeDetails()`.

To access the package name that `getContainerPackageInfo()` currently provides, use `IFluidCodeDetails.package` returned by `IContainer.getLoadedCodeDetails()`. Example:

Before deprecation:
``` typescript
function getLoadedPackageName(container: IContainer): string | undefined {
	const name = container.getContainerPackageInfo?.()?.name;
	if (name === undefined) return undefined;
	return name;
}
```
After deprecation:
``` typescript
function getLoadedPackageName(container: IContainer): string | undefined {
const pkg = container.getLoadedCodeDetails()?.package;
if (pkg === undefined) return undefined;
return typeof pkg === "object" ? pkg.name : pkg;
}

> ```

Reviewer 3: We don't need all of this in here - and for the most part we don't want it here because it is harder to update if needed. Per API Deprecation wiki: "If an issue was filed, you may keep changeset light and reference the issue. Otherwise, add details to the changeset." So just say see the issue (give URL) for details.

Author: Applied changes
